c:\users\davor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Desktop Velpro\Desktop Velpro\bin\Debug\Desktop Velpro.exe
c:\users\davor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Desktop Velpro\Desktop Velpro\bin\Debug\Desktop Velpro.pdb
c:\users\davor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Desktop Velpro\Desktop Velpro\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\davor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Desktop Velpro\Desktop Velpro\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\davor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Desktop Velpro\Desktop Velpro\bin\Debug\Desktop Velpro.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\davor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Desktop Velpro\Desktop Velpro\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\davor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Desktop Velpro\Desktop Velpro\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\davor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Desktop Velpro\Desktop Velpro\obj\Debug\Azuriraj.g.i.cs
c:\users\davor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Desktop Velpro\Desktop Velpro\obj\Debug\Azuriraj.g.cs
c:\users\davor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Desktop Velpro\Desktop Velpro\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.i.cs
c:\users\davor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Desktop Velpro\Desktop Velpro\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.cs
c:\users\davor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Desktop Velpro\Desktop Velpro\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\davor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Desktop Velpro\Desktop Velpro\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\davor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Desktop Velpro\Desktop Velpro\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\davor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Desktop Velpro\Desktop Velpro\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\davor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Desktop Velpro\Desktop Velpro\obj\Debug\Azuriraj.xaml
c:\users\davor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Desktop Velpro\Desktop Velpro\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.xaml
c:\users\davor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Desktop Velpro\Desktop Velpro\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\davor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Desktop Velpro\Desktop Velpro\obj\Debug\Desktop Velpro.exe
c:\users\davor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Desktop Velpro\Desktop Velpro\obj\Debug\Desktop Velpro.pdb
c:\users\davor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Desktop Velpro\Desktop Velpro\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\davor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Desktop Velpro\Desktop Velpro\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\davor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Desktop Velpro\Desktop Velpro\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\davor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Desktop Velpro\Desktop Velpro\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\davor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Desktop Velpro\Desktop Velpro\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\davor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Desktop Velpro\Desktop Velpro\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\davor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Desktop Velpro\Desktop Velpro\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\davor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Desktop Velpro\Desktop Velpro\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\davor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Desktop Velpro\Desktop Velpro\obj\Debug\LanguageQualifiers.txt
c:\users\davor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Desktop Velpro\Desktop Velpro\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
c:\users\davor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Desktop Velpro\Desktop Velpro\obj\Debug\Brisi_korisnika.g.i.cs
c:\users\davor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Desktop Velpro\Desktop Velpro\obj\Debug\Brisi_korisnika.g.cs
c:\users\davor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Desktop Velpro\Desktop Velpro\obj\Debug\Brisi_zaposlenika.g.i.cs
c:\users\davor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Desktop Velpro\Desktop Velpro\obj\Debug\Brisi_zaposlenika.g.cs
c:\users\davor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Desktop Velpro\Desktop Velpro\obj\Debug\Dodaj_korisnika.g.i.cs
c:\users\davor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Desktop Velpro\Desktop Velpro\obj\Debug\Dodaj_korisnika.g.cs
c:\users\davor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Desktop Velpro\Desktop Velpro\obj\Debug\Dodaj_zaposlenika.g.i.cs
c:\users\davor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Desktop Velpro\Desktop Velpro\obj\Debug\Dodaj_zaposlenika.g.cs
c:\users\davor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Desktop Velpro\Desktop Velpro\obj\Debug\Glavna_forma.g.i.cs
c:\users\davor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Desktop Velpro\Desktop Velpro\obj\Debug\Glavna_forma.g.cs
c:\users\davor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Desktop Velpro\Desktop Velpro\obj\Debug\Lista_zelja.g.i.cs
c:\users\davor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Desktop Velpro\Desktop Velpro\obj\Debug\Lista_zelja.g.cs
c:\users\davor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Desktop Velpro\Desktop Velpro\obj\Debug\Naruciti_dobavljac.g.i.cs
c:\users\davor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Desktop Velpro\Desktop Velpro\obj\Debug\Naruciti_dobavljac.g.cs
c:\users\davor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Desktop Velpro\Desktop Velpro\obj\Debug\Pregled_aktivne.g.i.cs
c:\users\davor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Desktop Velpro\Desktop Velpro\obj\Debug\Pregled_aktivne.g.cs
c:\users\davor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Desktop Velpro\Desktop Velpro\obj\Debug\Pregled_arhiva.g.i.cs
c:\users\davor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Desktop Velpro\Desktop Velpro\obj\Debug\Pregled_arhiva.g.cs
c:\users\davor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Desktop Velpro\Desktop Velpro\obj\Debug\Pregled_skladiste.g.i.cs
c:\users\davor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Desktop Velpro\Desktop Velpro\obj\Debug\Pregled_skladiste.g.cs
c:\users\davor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Desktop Velpro\Desktop Velpro\obj\Debug\Statistike.g.i.cs
c:\users\davor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Desktop Velpro\Desktop Velpro\obj\Debug\Statistike.g.cs
c:\users\davor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Desktop Velpro\Desktop Velpro\obj\Debug\Brisi_korisnika.xaml
c:\users\davor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Desktop Velpro\Desktop Velpro\obj\Debug\Brisi_zaposlenika.xaml
c:\users\davor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Desktop Velpro\Desktop Velpro\obj\Debug\Dodaj_korisnika.xaml
c:\users\davor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Desktop Velpro\Desktop Velpro\obj\Debug\Dodaj_zaposlenika.xaml
c:\users\davor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Desktop Velpro\Desktop Velpro\obj\Debug\Lista_zelja.xaml
c:\users\davor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Desktop Velpro\Desktop Velpro\obj\Debug\Naruciti_dobavljac.xaml
c:\users\davor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Desktop Velpro\Desktop Velpro\obj\Debug\Pregled_aktivne.xaml
c:\users\davor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Desktop Velpro\Desktop Velpro\obj\Debug\Pregled_arhiva.xaml
c:\users\davor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Desktop Velpro\Desktop Velpro\obj\Debug\Pregled_skladiste.xaml
c:\users\davor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Desktop Velpro\Desktop Velpro\obj\Debug\Statistike.xaml
c:\users\davor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Desktop Velpro\Desktop Velpro\obj\Debug\Glavna_forma.xaml
